Rewrite part of the README to make it more user-friendly (#279)
matrix-org/sydent: README.rst

Installation
============

Installing the system dependencies
----------------------------------

To install Sydent's dependencies on a Debian-based system, run::

    sudo apt-get install build-essential python3-dev libffi-dev \
                         sqlite3 libssl-dev python-virtualenv libxslt1-dev

Creating the virtualenv
-----------------------

> To create the virtual environment in which Sydent will run, run::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the virtual environment in which Sydent will run::
```

    virtualenv -p python3 ~/.sydent
    source ~/.sydent/bin/activate
    pip install --upgrade pip
    pip install --upgrade setuptools

> Installing using `pip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the latest Sydent release from PyPI
```

To make clear that the sections differentiate between "installing a release" and "installing from the currently checked-out codebase.

> ----------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------------------------------
```

Sydent and its dependencies can be installed using ``pip`` by running::

    pip install matrix-sydent

Installing from source
----------------------

> An alternative installation method can be to clone this repository and install it in an editable install using ``pip``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, Sydent can be installed using ``pip`` from a local git checkout::
```

    git clone https://github.com/matrix-org/sydent.git
    cd sydent
    pip install -e .

Running Sydent
==============

With the virtualenv activated, you can run Sydent using::

    python -m sydent.sydent

This will create a configuration file in ``sydent.conf`` with some defaults. If a setting is

> defined in both the ``[DEFAULT]`` section and another section in that configuration file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined in both the ``[DEFAULT]`` section and another section in the configuration file,
```

> then the value in that other section is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then the value in the other section is used.
```

> You'll most likely want to change the server name (``server.name``) and specify a mail relay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll most likely want to change the server name (``server.name``) and specify an email server
```

?

Author: Yeah that sounds better.

(look for the settings starting with ``email.``).

By default, Sydent will listen on ``0.0.0.0:8090``. This can be changed by changing the values for
the configuration settings ``clientapi.http.bind_address`` and ``clientapi.http.port``.

Sydent uses SQLite as its database backend. By default, it will create the database as ``sydent.db``

> in its working directory. You can override that by setting the ``db.file`` configuration setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in its working directory. THe name can be overridden by modifying the ``db.file`` configuration option.
```

be added to the ``[sms]`` section of that config file in the form::

    originators.<country code> = <long|short|alpha>:<originator>

Where country code is the numeric country code, or ``default`` to specify the originator
used for countries not listed. For example, to use a selection of long codes for the
US/Canada, a short code for the UK and an alphanumertic originator for everywhere else::

    originators.1 = long:12125552368,long:12125552369
    originators.44 = short:12345
    originators.default = alpha:Matrix

Testing
=======

Sydent uses matrix-is-tester (https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-is-tester/) to provide
black-box testing of compliance with the `Matrix Identity Service API <https://matrix.org/docs/spec/identity_service/latest>`_.
This can be run as follows::

    pip install git+https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-is-tester.git
    trial matrix_is_tester

The ``SYDENT_PYTHON`` enviroment variable can be set to launch Sydent with a specific python binary::

    SYDENT_PYTHON=/path/to/python trial matrix_is_tester

The ``matrix_is_test`` directory contains Sydent's launcher for ``matrix_is_tester``: this means

> that Sydent's directory needs to be on the Python path (e.g. ``PYTHONPATH=/path/to/sydent``).

Reviewer: `PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:/path/to/sydent` perhaps to not override existing path vars?

Author: Not sure, `PYTHONPATH=/home/brendan/Documents/matrix/sydent` works on my box.

Reviewer: Right, but it would override whatever you currently have in your `PYTHONPATH`, whereas appending it to the current `PYTHONPATH` seems safer.

Author: Yeah, fair enough.

Author: Fixed in 0d9c6a0
